# Volunesia

Volunesia is a mobile application that will connect users with a specific nonprofit organization(s) (hereby referred to as “nonprofit(s)”) for whom they would like to volunteer.

There are many volunteers that find it tedious to search for a nonprofit that they would like to volunteer for. The current method of searching for volunteers comprises of scouring the internet for nonprofits within the area, improve the search by specifying which kind of nonprofit one is interested in, then look for an application and/or time to volunteer for a nonprofit of one’s choice. The purpose of Volunesia is to simplify the search process for users in a mobile application as to make it easier for current and future volunteers to find a nonprofit that they would be passionate about. For the scope of this project, we will focus on the student organizations found in California State University, Long Beach, and then expand to include fully established nonprofits in later versions of the application.

The purpose of this document is to outline the requirements that will serve as the basis of Volunesia. Firstly, we will identify the various stakeholders that the project will involve and how they are connected to it. Afterwards, we will discuss our intentions and our goals for this project and what we hope to achieve; said discussion will surround business, usage, and system goals to provide insight on what we hope to achieve with Volunesia. Following the discussion on our goals for the application, we will present a model that will represent the system vision, which will detail the diverse relationships amongst Volunesia’s stakeholders and analyze each stakeholder category based on their interaction with the application. We will further detail the stakeholders’ interactions with the application through the usage model, which will include preliminary use cases of the different scenarios we hope to account for in our application. Finally, we will define our functional and nonfunctional requirements of the entire application, including the features, qualities, constraints, and the development process.

The ultimate goal that we hope to achieve with Volunesia is to provide a platform for volunteers and nonprofits alike to connect with one another in a simplified, easy-to-use fashion. There are many who wish to do good in the world within their free-time; why not provide them with a method to do so?
